Move tutorial to readme (#284)
bos/criterion: README.markdown

[![Hackage](https://img.shields.io/hackage/v/criterion.svg)](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/criterion) [![Build Status](https://github.com/haskell/criterion/workflows/Haskell-CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/haskell/criterion/actions?query=workflow%3AHaskell-CI)

`criterion` is a library that makes accurate microbenchmarking in
Haskell easy.

<a href="https://hackage.haskell.org/package/criterion/src/www/fibber.html" target="_blank"><img src="https://hackage.haskell.org/package/criterion/src/www/fibber-screenshot.png"></a>

## Features

* The simple API hides a lot of automation and details that you
  shouldn't need to worry about.

> * Sophisticated, high-resolution analysis can accurately measure
>   operations that run in as little as a few hundred picoseconds.
> 
> * [Output to active HTML](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/criterion/src/www/report.html) (with Javascript charts), CSV,
>   and JSON.  Write your own report templates to customize exactly how
>   your results are presented.
> 
> * Linear regression model allows measurement of the effects of garbage
>   collection and other factors.

Reviewer: Minor word-smithing suggestions:

```suggestion
* Sophisticated, high-resolution analysis which can accurately measure
  operations that run in as little as a few hundred picoseconds.

* [Output to active HTML](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/criterion/src/www/report.html) (with JavaScript charts), CSV,
  and JSON. Write your own report templates to customize exactly how
  your results are presented.

* Linear regression model that allows measuring the effects of garbage
  collection and other factors.
```

Author: By the way, I didn't write this text: I moved it here from some other files that were already in the repo.

* Measurements are cross-validated to ensure that sources of
  significant noise (usually other activity on the system) can be
  identified.

To get started, read the [tutorial below](#tutorial), and take a look
at the programs in the [examples
directory](https://github.com/haskell/criterion/tree/master/examples).

## Credits and contacts

This library is written by Bryan O'Sullivan

> (<bos@serpentine.com>) and maintained by Ryan J. Scott (<ryan.gl.scott@gmail.com>).

Reviewer: It's G., not J. :)

That being said, I'd prefer to be little less formal here:

```suggestion
(<bos@serpentine.com>) and maintained by Ryan Scott (<ryan.gl.scott@gmail.com>).
```

Author: Oh my, how embarrassing, I'm sorry!

benchmarking fib/1
time                 13.77 ns   (13.49 ns .. 14.07 ns)
                     0.998 R²   (0.997 R² .. 1.000 R²)
mean                 13.56 ns   (13.49 ns .. 13.70 ns)
std dev              305.1 ps   (64.14 ps .. 532.5 ps)
variance introduced by outliers: 36% (moderately inflated)

benchmarking fib/5
time                 173.9 ns   (172.8 ns .. 175.6 ns)
                     1.000 R²   (0.999 R² .. 1.000 R²)
mean                 173.8 ns   (173.1 ns .. 175.4 ns)
std dev              3.149 ns   (1.842 ns .. 5.954 ns)
variance introduced by outliers: 23% (moderately inflated)

benchmarking fib/9
time                 1.219 μs   (1.214 μs .. 1.228 μs)
                     1.000 R²   (1.000 R² .. 1.000 R²)
mean                 1.219 μs   (1.216 μs .. 1.223 μs)
std dev              12.43 ns   (9.907 ns .. 17.29 ns)

benchmarking fib/11
time                 3.253 μs   (3.246 μs .. 3.260 μs)
                     1.000 R²   (1.000 R² .. 1.000 R²)
mean                 3.248 μs   (3.243 μs .. 3.254 μs)
std dev              18.94 ns   (16.57 ns .. 21.95 ns)

```

Even better, the `--output` option directs our program to write a
report to the file [`fibber.html`](fibber.html).

> ```shellsession

Reviewer 2: TIL! :)

The chart on the right contains the raw measurements from which the
kernel density estimate was built. The $x$ axis indicates the number
of loop iterations, while the $y$ axis shows measured execution time

> for the given number of iterations. The line “behind” the values is a

Reviewer: Genuinely curious: what is the rationale for using this style of double quotes?

Author: FTR it's a separate commit and we can revert it if you want. 

Tldr; It's typography 101. A longer answer from the top of Google search: https://practicaltypography.com/straight-and-curly-quotes.html (fun fact: being in Indiana, you might have heard of the author, a prominent Racketeer at one point)
